and happy Halloween
welcome to cooks amber this is video
part two of our Halloween scenes and we
are starting off with revenge of the
carrots you just need some type of dip
we have a bean dip earth sorry black
bean dip because it looks like dirt it
looks like the hand is coming out of
dirt
you can either guacamole hummus any type
of dish you want you can't see but
they're connected by toothpicks
underneath so the hands all connected at
the bottom and you couldn't totally hide
it so you don't need to some toothpicks
in there next up our puking peppers and
these are so fun to make it's like
carving a pumpkin
oh there you're carving a bell pepper if
your pepper is like rolling all over the
place you can take a tiny sliver off if
you want but mine seems to be doing fine
so I'm gonna cut the top off and then
I'm gonna take out the inside
okay now for the fun part you can pick
whatever face you want but since they're
gonna be puking you want to have a spot
for them to puke right so you're gonna
cut it like a little circle and the trip
to this is sawing you do not want to
push because it won't want this well and
then you can make triangle eyes circle
eyes whatever type you want
this is my soon-to-be puking pumpkin so
I'm gonna put this on the plate with his
other eye here mr. yellow puking pepper
and we're gonna make the brains it's
gonna be puking out its brains we have
our super yummy super easy
tomato sauce roasted tomato sauce and
there's a video on my website for this
like the name it's super easy and super
yummy and we just have cooked up some
gluten-free quinoa pasta and tossed it
in a little bit of olive oil so to go
with pasta we're gonna add in a little
bit of green or zucchini so we have this
awesome machine here okay here let me
face it towards me so that you can see
all the stuff coming out
look this long long whoa
very long missiles we're gonna put in
about half of this to start off because
we don't have that much tomato sauce
and we're gonna use these tongs to kind
of combined everything look at the
bruise now for the fun part
and I shouldn't have one white so don't
wear white when you mix it my mistake
I'm gonna use my hands and get to get a
slimey's here it's all it'll look really
cool if somes like heaping out of the
head so feel free to get creative and
we're gonna pull some out of its mouth
so it looks like it's puking oh gosh
it's buchen we've got our puking pepper
put it on top look how awesome these
turned out I just want to eat their
brains they look so good
these are great for life story go
trick-or-treating just eat some brains
so I hope you enjoy your puke and
peppers and I hope you'll have a happy
Halloween and remember being healthy is
cool